[synthetics] Add Heartbeat and Uptime app diagrams (#2152)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/uptime-set-up-app.asciidoc

or <<private-locations,create a private location>> to run monitors from your own premises.

++++
<div class="imageblock">
<img
  src="images/uptime-set-up-app.png"
  class="w-100"
  alt="Diagram showing which pieces of software are used to configure monitors, create monitors, and view results when using the Uptime App. Described in detail in Diagram text description."
  aria-details="diagram-text-app">
</div>
++++

[[diagram-text-app]]
[%collapsible]
.Diagram text description
====
. Where to start when using the {uptime-app} depends on whether you are creating a <<monitoring-uptime,lightweight monitor>> or <<monitoring-synthetics,browser monitor>>. It also depends on whether you are using a project to manage journey code.
    * _Option 1_: For lightweight monitors and browser monitors that are _not_ managed in a project, you can configure a new monitor in **{kib}**, specifically the **{observability} {uptime-app}**.
        ** For browser monitors configured in the **{observability} {uptime-app}**, you must include **Inline journey code**, which can be written from scratch or generated using the <<synthetics-recorder,Synthetics recorder>>.

>     * _Option 2_: For other browser monitors, start with a **Project using @elastic/synthetics** and configure monitors using `monitor.use`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * _Option 2_: For other browser monitors, start an @elastic/synthetics project with `elastic-synthetics init`. Then, configure monitors using `monitor.use`.
```

I think this sounds less weird as users will probably not know what we mean by a "project using @elastic/synthetics". Instead we provide them with actionable advice.

Author: I want to use the exact text as it appears in the diagram, which is "Project using @elastic/synthetics". 

```suggestion
    * _Option 2_: For other browser monitors, create a **Project using @elastic/synthetics** using `elastic-synthetics init`. Then, add journey code and configure monitors using `monitor.use`.
```

. How you create monitors depends on which option you chose above.
    * If you started with _Option 1_, you'll use the {kib} UI to select the location while configuring the monitor.

>         ** Note: Because you're already logged into {kib}, you do not to provide any credentials for authentication.

Reviewer: NIT: I think this is a bit redundant. We can remove this line.

Author: ```suggestion
```

    * If you started with _Option 2_, you'll use the Elastic Synthetics library's **`push` command**. This requires an **API key and {kib} URL** to authenticate.

> . There are two types of locations you can use. (This is not dependent on the option you started with.)

Reviewer: NIT: I think we can remove `(This is not dependent on the option you started with.)`. If we don't specify it I think that's what people will assume anyway. No need to tell what things "are not" IMO.

Author: ```suggestion
. There are two types of locations you can use.
```

    * **Global managed infrastructure**
    * **Private locations**

> . Regardless of the location, the monitor will send data to **{es}**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The monitor will send data to **{es}** regardless of its location.
```

Reordering sentences to make it more direct.
